style and grammar edits on tutorials (#4404)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/sentry-basics/guides/integrate-backend/capturing-errors.mdx

Once initialized in your code, the Sentry SDK will capture various types of events and notify you about them in real-time, depending on the alert rules you've configured. With the Django app already running on your [localhost](http://localhost:8000/), let's try them out.

<Note>

> If you're using your own source code, follow the instrutions in [Capturing your first event](/platforms/python/guides/django/) to introduce an error into your app.

Author: ```suggestion
If you're using your own source code, follow the instructions in [Getting Started](/platforms/python/guides/django/) to introduce an error into your app.
```
